Rse con24 - BYOC (#8)
coderefinery/reports-and-proposals: conference_abstracts/RSECon24.md

# Bring your own classroom to a CodeRefinery workshop

CodeRefinery is a project teaching FAIR research software and development 
and basic Research Software Engineering practices to students and researchers across all research fields. CodeRefinery is a collaboration between universities and organizations in the Nordics funded by Nordic e-infrastructure collaboration (NeiC).

> Our workshops are streamed and recorded so that anyone can follow them. Registered participants also have the possibility to interact with the instructors on stream via a collaborative document. The open source materials (available at https://coderefinery.org/lessons/core/) include lectures as well as hands-on activities. Sharing reusable training materials is one of the projects core values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our workshops are streamed and recorded so that anyone can follow them. Registered participants also have the possibility to interact with the instructors on stream via a collaborative document. The open source materials (available at https://coderefinery.org/lessons/) include lectures as well as hands-on activities. Sharing reusable training materials is one of the projects core values.
```

Reviewer: I would change that link to make all lessons more discoverable.

# Bring your own classroom to a CodeRefinery workshop

> CodeRefinery is a project teaching FAIR research software and development 

Author: ```suggestion
CodeRefinery is a collaborative project between universities and organizations in the Nordics teaching FAIR research software and development 
```

> and basic Research Software Engineering practices to students and researchers across all research fields. CodeRefinery is funded by Nordic e-infrastructure collaboration (NeiC).

Author: ```suggestion
and basic Research Software Engineering practices to students and researchers across all research fields. CodeRefinery is a collaboration between universities and organizations in the Nordics funded by Nordic e-infrastructure collaboration (NeiC).
```

> - collaborative project between universities and organizations in the Nordics

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Bring your own classroom to a CodeRefinery workshop

CodeRefinery is a project teaching FAIR research software and development 
and basic Research Software Engineering practices to students and researchers across all research fields. CodeRefinery is funded by Nordic e-infrastructure collaboration (NeiC).

- collaborative project between universities and organizations in the Nordics

> Our workshops are streamed and recorded so that anyone can follow them. Registered participants have the possibility to interact with the instructors on stream via a collaborative document. The open source materials (available at https://coderefinery.org/lessons/core/) include lectures as well as hands-on activities. Sharing reusable training materials is one of the projects core values.

Author: ```suggestion
Our workshops are streamed and recorded so that anyone can follow them. Registered participants also have the possibility to interact with the instructors on stream via a collaborative document. The open source materials (available at https://coderefinery.org/lessons/core/) include lectures as well as hands-on activities. Sharing reusable training materials is one of the projects core values.
```

> CodeRefinery works with local partners to facilitate an interactive and collaborative workshop despite the challenges of large audiences and online teaching. The local partner provides an online or in-person room with a team-lead. The local participants watch the stream together and during exercise time, the stream pauses and exercises can be discussed in the group under guidance of the team lead.

Author: ```suggestion
CodeRefinery works with local partners to facilitate an interactive and collaborative workshop despite the challenges of large audiences and online teaching. The local partner provides an online or in-person room with a team-lead. The participants watch the stream together and exercises can be discussed in the group under guidance of the team lead.
```

- This approach enables local organizations to provide participants with a full workshop while maintaining the benefits of discussing and working together as a group.

> - The local participants can discuss and work together under the guidance of the team lead during the workshop exercises

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - This way, the local organizations do not have to provide their own full course, but can join our workshops with relatively low effort.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> This contribution will describe a workshop setup for scaling an interactive workshop to a few hundred participants while still keeping the interaction and community experience of a local small workshop. We would also like to invite YOU to join our next workshop as a learner, team-lead or local partner.

Author: ```suggestion
This contribution will describe a workshop setup for scaling an interactive workshop to a few hundred participants while still keeping the interaction and community experience of a local small workshop. We kindly invite YOU to join our next workshop as a learner, team-lead or local partner.
```
